Add Ubuntu Chiseled `extra` images for Runtime and ASP.NET Core (#5028)
dotnet/dotnet-docker: documentation/image-variants.md

### `extra` (.NET 8.0+)

> For apps that depend on globalization functionality, the `extra` image variant is offered for [Ubuntu Chiseled](./ubuntu-chiseled.md) runtime-deps, Runtime, and ASP.NET Core images as well as runtime-deps images for Alpine Linux and Azure Linux.

Reviewer: We should be consistent in our use of referencing images. I think the image name is fine.

Also, this is the only mention of "Azure Linux" in the repo. There's a very good chance that people won't understand that Azure Linux equals CBL Mariner. Since the tag names are `cbl-mariner`, I feel we should describe it as "CBL Mariner".

```suggestion
For apps that depend on globalization functionality, the `extra` image variant is offered for [Ubuntu Chiseled](./ubuntu-chiseled.md) `runtime-deps`, `runtime`, and `aspnet` images as well as `runtime-deps` images for Alpine Linux and CBL Mariner distroless.
```

### `extra` (.NET 8.0+)

For apps that depend on globalization functionality, the `extra` image variant is offered for our size-focused runtime-deps Linux base images.
Extra images contain everything that the default images do, plus `icu` and `tzdata`.

> [Ubuntu Chiseled](./ubuntu-chiseled.md) containers also have `extra` variants for the .NET Runtime and ASP.NET Core images.

Reviewer: I think this should be moved to be part of this sentence: `For apps that depend on globalization functionality, the `extra` image variant is offered for our size-focused runtime-deps Linux base images.`. Maybe just include it in parentheses.
